README.md, before:

# Emojify [![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kei-g/emojify-js)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) [![Libraries.io dependency status for latest release, scoped npm package](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/@kei-g/emojify)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/kei-g/emojify?activeTab=dependencies) [![Travis CI](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/kei-g/emojify-js?logo=travis&style=flat)](https://www.travis-ci.com/github/kei-g/emojify-js) [![npm (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@kei-g/emojify?logo=npm&style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@kei-g/emojify)

[![npms.io (maintenance)](https://img.shields.io/npms-io/maintenance-score/@kei-g/emojify)](https://npms.io/search?q=%40kei-g%2Femojify) [![npms.io (quality)](https://img.shields.io/npms-io/quality-score/@kei-g/emojify)](https://npms.io/search?q=%40kei-g%2Femojify)

Emojify - a text formatter for `:emoji:` style

## Installation

```shell
npm i @kei-g/emojify -g
```

## Usage

```shell
git commit -m ":tada: Initial commit" && git log --color | emojify
```

## TODO

- features
  - behave as pager
  - customizable dictionary of emojis
- test

Commit message:

:memo: Update README
Add explanation to use emojify as a pager for git

Signed-off-by: kei-g <km.8k6ce+github@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Emojify [![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kei-g/emojify-js)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) [![Libraries.io dependency status for latest release, scoped npm package](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/release/npm/@kei-g/emojify)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/kei-g/emojify?activeTab=dependencies) [![Travis CI](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/kei-g/emojify-js?logo=travis&style=flat)](https://www.travis-ci.com/github/kei-g/emojify-js) [![npm (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@kei-g/emojify?logo=npm&style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@kei-g/emojify)

[![npms.io (maintenance)](https://img.shields.io/npms-io/maintenance-score/@kei-g/emojify)](https://npms.io/search?q=%40kei-g%2Femojify) [![npms.io (quality)](https://img.shields.io/npms-io/quality-score/@kei-g/emojify)](https://npms.io/search?q=%40kei-g%2Femojify)

Emojify - a text formatter for `:emoji:` style

## Installation

```shell
npm i @kei-g/emojify -g
```

## Usage

Simple use,

```shell
git commit -m ":tada: Initial commit" && git log --color | emojify
```

To show available emojis list,

```shell
emojify -l
```

To use emojify as a pager for git, this case for a user;

```shell
git config --global core.pager "sh -c 'emojify | less -R'"
```

## TODO

- features
  - customizable dictionary of emojis
- test
